Adfs Module: Improve Inputs and Outputs for the AdfsCertificate Cmdlets (#1575)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/adfs/Get-AdfsCertificate.md

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.IdentityServer.PowerShell.Resources.ServiceCertificate

> Returns one or more ServiceCertificate objects that represent the certificate objects for ADFS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns one or more ServiceCertificate objects that represent the certificate objects for AD FS.
```
